How could he
It was you
Don't you know yet?
This person is Dong Fansheng
The mistress who is raising outside
Okay, you Dong Fansheng
You dare to take the flying swallow as your mistress's dance
Platform
You really didn't take Miss Shangguan seriously?
You wait for me.
If you see Miss Shangguan today
I'll sue you hard
So it's a mistress?
Dong Fansheng also dares to bring it to this occasion
I really don't know what to do.
A pheasant is a pheasant
Don't think you're wearing bright clothes
You can fly to the branches and become a phoenix
Is it just you?
Less here, more people
How dare you hit me?
Qian Shao, this is a flying flower banquet held by the Shangguan family
He didn't take the Shangguan family seriously at all
Enough, Mr. Qing
You really don't care about the Shangguan family
With Miss Shangguan in your eyes?
Nonsense
Dong Fansheng
Just teach him some principles of life
What did the Shangguan family do?
You're not going to let him tell you what to do.
I think your tail was stepped on. Are you in a hurry?
Fear of being exposed
Dynamically, I'm really curious.
What's so good about this fight?
Let you go against me again and again